Meeting minutes of 12th june: everyone was present,

16:00 
APURVA, VISHAL and NRIPENDRA:

1. Consider the data that is available within the API link's.
2. Researching potential API’s to use (Done and decided on john hopkins, for now).
3. Collection of raw data from the source (CSV format).
  a. One summary data of all countries on that date of visit.
  b. One country wise historical data for time series.
4. Analysis of the information obtained to filter for the scope of the project. 
5. Data Cleaning/Pre-processing.
6. Going through the scope of project and the data associated with it to filter from the raw data (Keeping the raw data and the choice to keep what features to keep to be decided still).
7. Provide Snapshot of data to ashwin, the raw data from different apis to ashwin.

TASKS weekly for APURVA AND MINAZ

1: Weekly stuff (that’s been done) to be updated, on mondays!
2: Should be 5min videos explaining every bit that’s done and also future plans
3: By sunday night so ppt is ready by monday eve


Decision on the types of visualization to do: Decision on details will be made by the data team.
Map visualization 
Bar graphs/trends per country 


16:40
ADITYA, MINAZ: Front end

1: Choose tools for dev
2: colour themes
3: Research colour palette (Cooler colours are used more in general)
4: Consider limitations, colour blindness for example 
5: Research for valid tool for front end visualization (Potential, tableau, vega-lite etc) (DECIDE BY NEXT TWO DAYS) 
6: Decide on titles : COVID-19 Interactive visualizer
7: Research bot icons and design bot design and logo
8: Prepare front end minimal view (Prepare the main input boxes by tomorrow for the django team)
9: Prepare information section data  
10: icons and names for the site and bot
11: Visualization team aims to use as a tool for the visualization let ashwin know

  

17:00
SUMIT, VISHAL

Testing and Evaluation of the product: 

Review of Use Cases by Vishal, Identify high end user test cases. 
Review other potential ways to test the web page
Reviewing the Use Cases with the team.
Performing Evaluation and Sharing Results with the team.
Backend  Framework Setup ,Development and Integration

SUMIT AND NRIPENDRA (Django team)

Understanding Django, identify issues for implementation
Analyse any risks involved and prepare dot net backup
Building a backend Framework with Nripendra.
Understanding Dialogue Flow
Using Dialogue Flow and integrating it with Application.


SUMIT, ADITYA: Weekly team management tasks
Jira Setup: 
1: Create versions of release and group tasks by epics(Teams)
2: Add tasks and assign owners to each
3: Create sprint plans for subsequent weeks
Management: Ashwin includ.
1: Keep track of members and have daily morning meetings
2: Responsible for minutes of the meeting (in rotation) during team discussions and meeting with UCD project mentors

17:40
ASHWIN: Research and cloud support 

1: Compare Azure and AWS to determine the best fit for our use case( 1 week)
2: Study in brief the different resources available in the platform and in detail the resources that would be used for this project (By tuesday week)
3: Test deploy the required resources (Data lake, PostrgreSQL DB, Data Factory) and learn its functionalities
4: Create dummy scripts and trigger them using data factory peipelines and assess their effectiveness in data retrieval and storage
5: Research about ways to connect the instance of PostgreSQL DB to the front-end web application and test it

NEEDED Snapshot of data, the raw data from different apis, and what the Visualization team aims to use as a tool for the visualization


