Team progress managed by Sumit, Aditya and Ashwin.

Shared google drive folder: 
A file storage and synchronization service which allows the team to be able 
to efficiently save all the documentation of progress of the project. 

The documents are split and saved within its corresponding folders. The people in charge regularly 
maintain the shared folders to ensure everything is cleaned and well organized. The minutes of each 
team meeting is thoroughly logged to closely track the progress of the team at each stage along the way 
and stored into the minutes folder. Likewise storing other documents such as description of roles and 
team code into their respective folders allows for both documentation and all data to be cumulated at 
one place for enhanced availability and accessibility. 

WhatsApp: 
Team members maintain regular contact via WhatsApp for quick queries and notes and team meetings are 
regularly scheduled (every other day ) and conducted via Google Meet.

Jira: 
Jira is highly configurable and flexible to allow for usage in a wide variety of environment and 
processes. The Jira workflows, issue types, and screens enable tailoring for almost any scenario and can 
easily be monitored and changed via the administration user Interface.
How does it work? 
Use of professional project management tool Jira, to have a centralized framework where other team 
members can actively view each other’s progress.

Use backlogs and epics to outline each team member’s work and filter them accordingly by each team, 
define sprints, plan the work to be done and the corresponding deadlines for them.

This is monitored and updated regularly.

Presentation and video prep: 
A weekly summary meeting is held to ensure that each member is happy and up to date with the progress
of the team and proceed to start working on the presentation and video report and prepare for the next sprint. 
Support in academic and script writing and proofreading them.

Git: A Version-control system for tracking changes in source code during the development of the web 
application. The management team keeps track of the members to ensure that everyone is push-committing 
regularly onto the repository to maintain a good presence on the platform, enabling efficient update 
and development of code within each sub-team.


